Fix missing alert dialogs on iOS 13 when project uses new scenes API (#1873)
microsoft/appcenter-sdk-apple: CHANGELOG.md

## Version 2.5.2 (Under development)

### App Center Distribute

> * **[Fix]** Fix missing alert dialogs on iOS 13 when project uses new scenes API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix missing alert dialogs in apps that use iOS 13's new UIScenes API.
```

* **[Fix]** Fix sending crashes if an application is launched in background.
* **[Fix]** Validate error attachment size to avoid server error or out of memory issues (using the documented limit which is 7MB).

### App Center Distribute

> * **[Fix]** Fix missing alert dialogs in apps that use iOS 13's new UIScenes API.

Author: ```suggestion
* **[Fix]** Fix missing alert dialogs in apps that use iOS 13's new `UIScene` API (multiple scenes are not yet supported).
```
